🛠️ 𝐓𝐄𝐂𝐇 / 𝐒𝐘𝐒𝐓𝐄𝐌 𝐃𝐄𝐒𝐈𝐆𝐍

1) System Design Newsletter by Neo K. - Easily explained complex systems
https://lnkd.in/dTGWwBf9

2) Tech World With Milan by Dr Milan Milanović - Tech deep dives and leadership
https://lnkd.in/dHnpdW9Z

3) ByteSizeDesgn by Alex Nguyen - How Big Tech companies operate
https://lnkd.in/d3zyXSCG

4) Coding Challenges by John Crickett - The name says everything
https://lnkd.in/d3s2kF_p

5) EcZachly Data Engineering by Zach Wilson - Goto resource for data engineering
https://lnkd.in/dBStw5U9

6) Refactoring by 🌀 Luca Rossi - From software development to working with people
https://lnkd.in/dnp7vGgg

👨‍💼 𝐓𝐄𝐂𝐇 𝐋𝐄𝐀𝐃𝐄𝐑𝐒𝐇𝐈𝐏/𝐌𝐀𝐍𝐀𝐆𝐄𝐌𝐄𝐍𝐓

1) High Growth Engineer by Jordan Cutler - Grow faster in your engineering career
https://lnkd.in/dgdPJp_U

2) Level up Software Engineering by Caleb Mellas - Progress in your Engineering career
https://lnkd.in/deezxbEG

3) The Caring Techie by Irina Stanescu - Tech Leadership with empathy
https://lnkd.in/d-6zTiRj

4) Engineering Leadership by Gregor Ojstersek - All things about Engineering Leadership
https://lnkd.in/dVJn4bE7

5) Elevate by Addy Osmani - Thoughts, ideas, articles about effective leadership.
https://lnkd.in/dWrPRw4m

6) The Developing Dev by Ryan Peterman - Fills the gaps for engineers who don’t have dedicated mentorship
https://lnkd.in/dFEuDvSH

7) Techlead Mentor by Raviraj Achar - Learnings by a Meta Staff Engineer
https://lnkd.in/dHMxvb_b

8) Alex Ewerlöf Notes by Alex Ewerlöf - Technical leadership and much more.
https://lnkd.in/d773TyKb

9) The Engineering Manager by James Stanier - Stories and resources about EM
https://lnkd.in/dHB6YX3K

10) Scarlet Ink by David Anderson - Build your leadership capabilities
https://lnkd.in/dQHzYqDB

11) Software Engineering Times by Ryan Murphy - Grow and learn as an Engineer
https://lnkd.in/d_wwwKRK

📦 𝐏𝐑𝐎𝐃𝐔𝐂𝐓 (yeah, you also need that)

1) Product Growth by Aakash Gupta - Probably one of the best product newsletters I know
https://lnkd.in/dYCg846J

2) Creator Economy by Peter Yang - Adopt a product-minded approach
https://lnkd.in/dRR3feqh

3) Product Management IRL by Amy Mitchell - All about managing products
https://lnkd.in/dFA4CRck